Remove tutorials section from Benchmark (#9510)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/user-guide/install-and-configure/configuring-benchmark.md

| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| `release.cache` | Boolean | Determines whether newly released OpenSearch versions should be cached locally. |

## Running OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Signature Version 4

> OpenSearch Benchmark supports AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. To run Benchmark with Signature Version 4, use the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Benchmark supports AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. To run OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Signature Version 4, use the following steps:
```

> 1. Set up an [IAM user or an IAM Role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html) and provide it access to the OpenSearch cluster using Signature Version 4 authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up an [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html) and provide it access to the OpenSearch cluster using AWS Signature Version 4 authentication.
```

2. Set up the following environment variables for your IAM user:

   ```bash
   export OSB_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<IAM USER AWS ACCESS KEY ID>
   export OSB_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<IAM USER AWS SECRET ACCESS KEY>
   export OSB_REGION=<YOUR REGION>
   export OSB_SERVICE=es
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

>    If you want to set up an IAM role instead of an IAM user, use the following environment variables instead:

Reviewer: These steps are a little off. On line 167 we tell the user to create either an IAM user or role and provide a link to instructions, line 169 assumes that the user has chosen to create an IAM user, and then this line reintroduces the idea of an IAM role. Please restructure for clarity.

>    If you want to set up an IAM role instead of an IAM user, use the following environment variables instead:

Author: I added a link to the AWS documentation with the definition here. 

```suggestion
   If you want to set up an [IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id.html) instead of an IAM user, use the following environment variables instead:
```

Author: @natebower: Let me know if this works.

Reviewer: @Naarcha-AWS I think the addition of the link is helpful, but this is still missing some context. Why would one choose to set up a user versus a role? Let's add that to step 1 as a second sentence, as applicable. Additionally, I was more thinking the following for 2 and 3:

2. For an IAM user, configure the following environment variables:
3. For an IAM role, configure the following environment variables:

Reviewer: In other words, instead of steps, I would do something like this:

"OpenSearch Benchmark supports AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. To run OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Signature Version 4, you need to set up an [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html) and provide it access to the OpenSearch cluster using AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. [Insert sentence about why you would use one or the other here, as applicable.]

For an IAM user, configure the following environment variables:

For an IAM role, configure the following environment variables:

   ```bash
   export OSB_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<IAM Role AWS ACCESS KEY ID>
   export OSB_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<IAM Role AWS SECRET ACCESS KEY>
   export OSB_AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=<IAM Role SESSION TOKEN>
   export OSB_REGION=<YOUR REGION>
   export OSB_SERVICE=es
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

>   If you're testing against Amazon OpenSearch Serverless, set `OSB_SERVICE` to `aoss`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you're testing using Amazon OpenSearch Serverless, set `OSB_SERVICE` to `aoss`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Line 190: Should this perhaps be a note?

> 3. Customize and run the following `execute-test` command with the ` --client-options=amazon_aws_log_in:environment` flag. This flag tells OpenSearch Benchmark the location of your exported credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Customize and run the following `execute-test` command with the ` --client-options=amazon_aws_log_in:environment` flag. This flag provides the location of your exported credentials to OpenSearch Benchmark.
```

| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| `release.cache` | Boolean | Determines whether newly released OpenSearch versions should be cached locally. |

## Running OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Signature Version 4

> OpenSearch Benchmark supports AWS Signature Version 4 authentication.  To run OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Signature Version 4, you need to set up an [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html) and provide it access to the OpenSearch cluster using AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Benchmark supports AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. To run OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Signature Version 4, you need to set up an [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html) and provide it access to the OpenSearch cluster using AWS Signature Version 4 authentication. 
```

> The choice between an IAM role or user depends on your test cluster's access management requirements. For more information on deciding whether to use a role or user, see [When to create an IAM user (instead of a role)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html#id_which-to-choose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to use an IAM role or user depends on your test cluster's access management requirements. For more information about whether to use an IAM role or user, see [When to create an IAM user (instead of a role)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html#id_which-to-choose).
```

> After deciding, use the following steps to set up AWS Signature Version 4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to set up AWS Signature Version 4:
```

> 1. Create a role or user in the AWS Management Console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an IAM role or user in the AWS Management Console. 
```

> 2. Set up your environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up your environment variables:
```

>    For an IAM user, configure the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For an IAM user, configure the following environment variables:
```

   ```bash
   export OSB_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<IAM USER AWS ACCESS KEY ID>
   export OSB_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<IAM USER AWS SECRET ACCESS KEY>
   export OSB_REGION=<YOUR REGION>
   export OSB_SERVICE=es
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

>    For an IAM role, configure the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For an IAM role, configure the following environment variables:
```
